recipe detail info customization (#20)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailInfo.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> ### info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Info
```

> To create your own recipe detail info template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailInfo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own recipe detail info template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailInfo`
```
